```python
class Solution:
    def exist(self, board: List[List[str]], word: str) -> bool:
        def valid(row, col):
            return 0 <= row < m and 0 <= col < n
        
        def backtrack(row, col, word_idx, seen):
            if word_idx == len(word):
                return True
            
            for dr, dc in dirs:
                next_row, next_col = row + dr, col + dc
                if valid(next_row, next_col) and (next_row, next_col) not in seen:
                    next_char = board[next_row][next_col]
                    if next_char == word[word_idx]:
                        seen.add((next_row, next_col))
                        if backtrack(next_row, next_col, word_idx + 1, seen):
                            return True
                        seen.remove((next_row, next_col))
            
            return False
        
        m = len(board)
        n = len(board[0])
        dirs = [(1,0),(-1,0),(0,1),(0,-1)]
        
        for row in range(m):
            for col in range(n):
                if board[row][col] == word[0] and backtrack(row, col, 1, {(row, col)}):
                    return True
                
        return False
```

This problem has a very DFS feel to it, but what makes this a backtracking problem and *not* a strict DFS problem is because we may visit a square multiple times on the same initial function call. For example, suppose we're looking for the word `CAMERA` in the following grid:

```
CAM
ARE
MPS
```

We may start exploring as follows (each `|` represents the path taken):

```
C  A  M
|
A  R  E
|
M  P  S
```

The `M`-letter above does not have `E` as a neighbor so we remove the `M` from consideration and move back up to `A`, which also does not have an `M`-neighbor except the one we just visited, which we know leads to nothing. So we remove `A` as well and we're back at `C`, and we note `C` does have another `A`-neighbor it can visit. And we end up seeing the following as a valid path:

```
C -> A -> M
          |
A <- R <- E

M    P    S
```

This path visits the `A` under `C` *again* in order to come up with a valid path. Thus, while we may not be allowed to use a square more than once for the answer, there are possibly *multiple* ways to use a square to form different candidates, as illustrated above.

We should still use a set `seen` like we would normally do with DFS solutions so as to *avoid using the same letter in the same path*. Unlike in DFS solutions, however, we will *remove* from the set `seen` when backtracking and it's been determined that a path solution is no longer possible &#8212; we should only ever traverse an edge in the graph if we know that the resultant path could lead to an answer. Thus, we can also pass an index variable `word_idx` that indicates we are currently looking for `word[word_idx]`, and then only move to `(next_row, next_col)` if `word[word_idx]` is the correct letter.

Since the answer could start from *any* square whose letter matches `word[0]`, we need to systematically start our backtracking approach from any square with `word[0]` as its letter. If we exhaust all such squares and never find `word`, then we should return `false`. Of course, if we do find `word` in the midst of one of our backtracking approaches, then we return `true` immediately.