We will use a file-sharing system to share a very large file which consists of `m` small **chunks** with IDs from `1` to `m`.

When users join the system, the system should assign **a unique** ID to them. The unique ID should be used **once** for each user, but when a user leaves the system, the ID can be **reused** again.

Users can request a certain chunk of the file, the system should return a list of IDs of all the users who own this chunk. If the user receive a non-empty list of IDs, they receive the requested chunk successfully.

Implement the `FileSharing` class:

- `FileSharing(int m)` Initializes the object with a file of `m` chunks.
- `int join(int[] ownedChunks)`: A new user joined the system owning some chunks of the file, the system should assign an id to the user which is the **smallest positive integer** not taken by any other user. Return the assigned id.
- `void leave(int userID)`: The user with `userID` will leave the system, you cannot take file chunks from them anymore.
- `int[] request(int userID, int chunkID)`: The user `userID` requested the file chunk with `chunkID`. Return a list of the IDs of all users that own this chunk sorted in ascending order.

**Follow-ups:**

- What happens if the system identifies the user by their IP address instead of their unique ID and users disconnect and connect from the system with the same IP?
- If the users in the system join and leave the system frequently without requesting any chunks, will your solution still be efficient?
- If all each user join the system one time, request all files and then leave, will your solution still be efficient?
- If the system will be used to share `n` files where the `i`th file consists of `m[i]`, what are the changes you have to do?