Given the `postfix` tokens of an arithmetic expression, build and return the binary expression tree that represents this expression.

**Postfix** notation is a notation for writing arithmetic expressions in which the operands (numbers) appear before their operators. For example, the postfix tokens of the expression `4*(5-(7+2))` are represented in the array `postfix = ["4","5","7","2","+","-","*"]`.

The class `Node` is an interface you should use to implement the binary expression tree. The returned tree will be tested using the `evaluate` function, which is supposed to evaluate the tree's value. You should not remove the `Node` class; however, you can modify it as you wish, and you can define other classes to implement it if needed.

A [binary expression tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_expression_tree) is a kind of binary tree used to represent arithmetic expressions. Each node of a binary expression tree has either zero or two children. Leaf nodes (nodes with 0 children) correspond to operands (numbers), and internal nodes (nodes with two children) correspond to the operators `'+'` (addition), `'-'` (subtraction), `'*'` (multiplication), and `'/'` (division).

It's guaranteed that no subtree will yield a value that exceeds <code>10<sup>9</sup></code> in absolute value, and all the operations are valid (i.e., no division by zero).

**Follow up:** Could you design the expression tree such that it is more modular? For example, is your design able to support additional operators without making changes to your existing `evaluate` implementation?