This is an **interactive problem**.

You are given a robot in a hidden grid, and it wants to go to a target cell in this grid. The grid is of size `m x n`, and each cell in the grid can be empty or blocked. It is **guaranteed** that the start point and the robot's destination are different, and neither of them is blocked.

You want to find the robot's minimum distance to the target cell. However, you do not know the grid's dimensions, or the starting point of the robot, or its target destination. You are only allowed to ask queries to your `gridMaster` object.

You are given a class `gridMaster` which you can call the following functions from:

- `gridMaster.canMove(direction)` returns `true` if the robot can move in that direction. Otherwise, it returns `false`.
- `gridMaster.move(direction)` moves the robot in that direction. If this move would move the robot to a blocked cell or off the grid, it will be **ignored**, and the robot would remain in the same position.
- `gridMaster.isTarget()` returns `true` if the robot is currently on the target cell. Otherwise, it returns `false`.

Note that `direction` in the above functions should be a character from `{'U','D','L','R'}`, representing the directions up, down, left, and right, respectively.

Return the minimum distance between the robot's initial starting cell and the target cell if there is a path between them. Otherwise, return `-1`.

**Custom testing:**

The test input is read as a 2D matrix `grid` of size `m x n` where:

- `grid[i][j] == -1` indicates that the robot is in cell `(i, j)`.
- `grid[i][j] == 0` indicates that the cell `(i, j)` is blocked.
- `grid[i][j] == 1` indicates that the cell `(i, j)` is empty.
- `grid[i][j] == 2` indicates that the cell `(i, j)` is the target cell.

There is exactly one `-1` and `2` in `grid`. Remember that you will not have this information in your code.