This is an **interactive problem**.

There is a robot in a hidden grid, and you are trying to get it from its starting cell to the target cell in this grid. The grid is of size `m x n`, and each cell in the grid is either empty or blocked. It is **guaranteed** that the starting cell and the target cell are different, and neither of them is blocked.

Each cell has a **cost** that you need to pay each time you **move** to the cell. The starting cell's cost is **not** applied before the robot moves.

You want to find the minimum total cost to move the robot to the target cell. However, you **do not know** the grid's dimensions, the starting cell, nor the target cell. You are only allowed to ask queries to the `GridMaster` object.

Thr `GridMaster` class has the following functions:

- `boolean canMove(char direction)` Returns `true` if the robot can move in that direction. Otherwise, it returns `false`.
- `int move(char direction)` Moves the robot in that direction and returns the cost of moving to that cell. If this move would move the robot to a blocked cell or off the grid, the move will be **ignored**, the robot will remain in the same position, and the function will return `-1`.
- `boolean isTarget()` Returns `true` if the robot is currently on the target cell. Otherwise, it returns `false`.

Note that `direction` in the above functions should be a character from `{'U','D','L','R'}`, representing the directions up, down, left, and right, respectively.

Return the **minimum total cost** to get the robot from its initial starting cell to the target cell. If there is no valid path between the cells, return `-1`.

**Custom testing:**

The test input is read as a 2D matrix `grid` of size `m x n` and four integers `r1`, `c1`, `r2`, and `c2` where:

- `grid[i][j] == 0` indicates that the cell `(i, j)` is blocked.
- `grid[i][j] >= 1` indicates that the cell `(i, j)` is empty and `grid[i][j]` is the **cost** to move to that cell.
- `(r1, c1)` is the starting cell of the robot.
- `(r2, c2)` is the target cell of the robot.

Remember that you will **not** have this information in your code.