You are given a 2D integer array `orders`, where each <code>orders[i] = [price<sub>i</sub>, amount<sub>i</sub>, orderType<sub>i</sub>]</code> denotes that <code>amount<sub>i</sub></code> orders have been placed of type <code>orderType<sub>i</sub></code> at the price <code>price<sub>i</sub></code>. The <code>orderType<sub>i</sub></code> is:

- `0` if it is a batch of `buy` orders, or
- `1` if it is a batch of `sell` orders.

Note that `orders[i]` represents a batch of <code>amount<sub>i</sub></code> independent orders with the same price and order type. All orders represented by `orders[i]` will be placed before all orders represented by `orders[i+1]` for all valid `i`.

There is a **backlog** that consists of orders that have not been executed. The backlog is initially empty. When an order is placed, the following happens:

- If the order is a `buy` order, you look at the `sell` order with the **smallest** price in the backlog. If that `sell` order's price is **smaller than or equal to** the current `buy` order's price, they will match and be executed, and that `sell` order will be removed from the backlog. Else, the buy order is added to the backlog.
- Vice versa, if the order is a `sell` order, you look at the `buy` order with the **largest** price in the backlog. If that `buy` order's price is **larger than or equal to** the current `sell` order's price, they will match and be executed, and that `buy` order will be removed from the backlog. Else, the `sell` order is added to the backlog.

Return the total **amount** of orders in the backlog after placing all the orders from the input. Since this number can be large, return it **modulo** <code>10<sup>9</sup> + 7</code>.