There is a long and thin painting that can be represented by a number line. The painting was painted with multiple overlapping segments where each segment was painted with a **unique** color. You are given a 2D integer array `segments`, where <code>segments[i] = [start<sub>i</sub>, end<sub>i</sub>, color<sub>i</sub>]</code> represents the half-closed segment <code>[start<sub>i</sub>, end<sub>i</sub>)</code> with <code>color<sub>i</sub></code> as the color.

The colors in the overlapping segments of the painting were **mixed** when it was painted. When two or more colors mix, they form a new color that can be represented as a **set** of mixed colors.

- For example, if colors `2`, `4`, and `6` are mixed, then the resulting mixed color is `{2,4,6}`.

For the sake of simplicity, you should only output the **sum** of the elements in the set rather than the full set.

You want to **describe** the painting with the **minimum** number of non-overlapping **half-closed segments** of these mixed colors. These segments can be represented by the 2D array `painting` where <code>painting[j] = [left<sub>j</sub>, right<sub>j</sub>, mix<sub>j</sub>]</code> describes a **half-closed segment** <code>[left<sub>j</sub>, right<sub>j</sub>)</code> with the mixed color **sum** of <code>mix<sub>j</sub></code>.

- For example, the painting created with `segments = [[1,4,5],[1,7,7]]` can be described by `painting = [[1,4,12],[4,7,7]]` because:
  + `[1,4)` is colored `{5,7}` (with a sum of `12`) from both the first and second segments.
  + `[4,7)` is colored `{7}` from only the second segment.

Return the 2D array `painting` describing the finished painting (excluding any parts that are **not** painted). You may return the segments in **any order**.

A **half-closed segment** `[a, b)` is the section of the number line between points `a` and `b` **including** point `a` and **not including** point `b`.