You are given a tree with `n` nodes numbered from `0` to `n - 1` in the form of a parent array `parent` where `parent[i]` is the parent of the `i`th node. The root of the tree is node `0`, so `parent[0] = -1` since it has no parent. You want to design a data structure that allows users to lock, unlock, and upgrade nodes in the tree.

The data structure should support the following functions:

- **Lock: Locks** the given node for the given user and prevents other users from locking the same node. You may only lock a node using this function if the node is unlocked.
- **Unlock: Unlocks** the given node for the given user. You may only unlock a node using this function if it is currently locked by the same user.
- **Upgrade: Locks** the given node for the given user and **unlocks** all of its descendants **regardless** of who locked it. You may only upgrade a node if **all** 3 conditions are true:
  + The node is unlocked,
  + It has at least one locked descendant (by **any** user), and
  + It does not have any locked ancestors.

Implement the `LockingTree` class:

- `LockingTree(int[] parent)` initializes the data structure with the parent array.
- `lock(int num, int user)` returns `true` if it is possible for the user with id `user` to lock the node `num`, or `false` otherwise. If it is possible, the node `num` will become **locked** by the user with id `user`.
- `unlock(int num, int user)` returns `true` if it is possible for the user with id `user` to unlock the node `num`, or `false` otherwise. If it is possible, the node `num` will become **unlocked**.
- `upgrade(int num, int user)` returns `true` if it is possible for the user with id `user` to upgrade the node `num`, or `false` otherwise. If it is possible, the node `num` will be **upgraded**.