You have a movie renting company consisting of `n` shops. You want to implement a renting system that supports searching for, booking, and returning movies. The system should also support generating a report of the currently rented movies.

Each movie is given as a 2D integer array `entries` where <code>entries[i] = [shop<sub>i</sub>, movie<sub>i</sub>, price<sub>i</sub>]</code> indicates that there is a copy of movie <code>movie<sub>i</sub></code> at shop <code>shop<sub>i</sub></code> with a rental price of <code>price<sub>i</sub></code>. Each shop carries at most one copy of a movie <code>movie<sub>i</sub></code>.

The system should support the following functions:

- **Search:** Finds the **cheapest 5 shops** that have an **unrented copy** of a given movie. The shops should be sorted by **price** in ascending order, and in case of a tie, the one with the **smaller** <code>shop<sub>i</sub></code> should appear first. If there are less than 5 matching shops, then all of them should be returned. If no shop has an unrented copy, then an empty list should be returned.
- **Rent:** Rents an **unrented copy** of a given movie from a given shop.
- **Drop:** Drops off a **previously rented copy** of a given movie at a given shop.
- **Report:** Returns the **cheapest 5 rented movies** (possibly of the same movie ID) as a 2D list `res` where <code>res[j] = [shop<sub>j</sub>, movie<sub>j</sub>]</code> describes that the `j`th cheapest rented movie <code>movie<sub>j</sub></code> was rented from the shop <code>shop<sub>j</sub></code>. The movies in `res` should be sorted by **price** in ascending order, and in case of a tie, the one with the **smaller** <code>shop<sub>j</sub></code> should appear first, and if there is still tie, the one with the **smaller** <code>movie<sub>j</sub></code> should appear first. If there are fewer than 5 rented movies, then all of them should be returned. If no movies are currently being rented, then an empty list should be returned.

Implement the `MovieRentingSystem` class:

- `MovieRentingSystem(int n, int[][] entries)` Initializes the `MovieRentingSystem` object with `n` shops and the movies in `entries`.
- `List<Integer> search(int movie)` Returns a list of shops that have an **unrented copy** of the given `movie` as described above.
- `void rent(int shop, int movie)` Rents the given `movie` from the given `shop`.
- `void drop(int shop, int movie)` Drops off a previously rented `movie` at the given `shop`.
- `List<List<Integer>> report()` Returns a list of cheapest **rented** movies as described above.

**Note:** The test cases will be generated such that `rent` will only be called if the shop has an **unrented** copy of the movie, and `drop` will only be called if the shop had **previously rented** out the movie.