There is a network of `n` servers, labeled from `0` to `n - 1`. You are given a 2D integer array `edges`, where <code>edges[i] = [u<sub>i</sub>, v<sub>i</sub>]</code> indicates there is a message channel between servers <code>u<sub>i</sub></code> and <code>v<sub>i</sub></code>, and they can pass **any** number of messages to **each other** directly in **one** second. You are also given a **0-indexed** integer array `patience` of length `n`.

All servers are **connected**, i.e., a message can be passed from one server to any other server(s) directly or indirectly through the message channels.

The server labeled `0` is the **master** server. The rest are **data** servers. Each data server needs to send its message to the master server for processing and wait for a reply. Messages move between servers **optimally**, so every message takes the **least amount of time** to arrive at the master server. The master server will process all newly arrived messages **instantly** and send a reply to the originating server via the **reversed path** the message had gone through.

At the beginning of second `0`, each data server sends its message to be processed. Starting from second `1`, at the **beginning** of **every** second, each data server will check if it has received a reply to the message it sent (including any newly arrived replies) from the master server:

- If it has not, it will **resend** the message periodically. The data server `i` will resend the message every `patience[i]` second(s), i.e., the data server `i` will resend the message if `patience[i]` second(s) have **elapsed** since the **last** time the message was sent from this server.
- Otherwise, **no more resending** will occur from this server.

The network becomes **idle** when there are **no** messages passing between servers or arriving at servers.

Return the **earliest second** starting from which the network becomes **idle**.