There is an `8 x 8` chessboard containing `n` pieces (rooks, queens, or bishops). You are given a string array `pieces` of length `n`, where pieces[i] describes the type (rook, queen, or bishop) of the `i`th piece. In addition, you are given a 2D integer array positions also of length `n`, where <code>positions[i] = [r<sub>i</sub>, c<sub>i</sub>]</code> indicates that the `i`th piece is currently at the **1-based** coordinate <code>(r<sub>i</sub>, c<sub>i</sub>)</code> on the chessboard.

When making a **move** for a piece, you choose a **destination** square that the piece will travel toward and stop on.

- A rook can only travel **horizontally or vertically** from `(r, c)` to the direction of `(r+1, c)`, `(r-1, c)`, `(r, c+1)`, or `(r, c-1)`.
- A queen can only travel **horizontally, vertically, or diagonally** from `(r, c)` to the direction of `(r+1, c)`, `(r-1, c)`, `(r, c+1)`, `(r, c-1)`, `(r+1, c+1)`, `(r+1, c-1)`, `(r-1, c+1)`, `(r-1, c-1)`.
- A bishop can only travel **diagonally** from `(r, c)` to the direction of `(r+1, c+1)`, `(r+1, c-1)`, `(r-1, c+1)`, `(r-1, c-1)`.

You must make a **move** for every piece on the board simultaneously. A **move combination** consists of all the **moves** performed on all the given pieces. Every second, each piece will instantaneously travel **one square** towards their destination if they are not already at it. All pieces start traveling at the `0`th second. A move combination is **invalid** if, at a given time, **two or more** pieces occupy the same square.

Return the number of **valid** move combinations.

**Notes:**

- **No two pieces** will start in the **same** square.
- You may choose the square a piece is already on as its **destination**.
- If two pieces are **directly adjacent** to each other, it is valid for them to **move past each other** and swap positions in one second.