You are given a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `grid` of size `m x n` that represents a map of the items in a shop. The integers in the grid represent the following:

- `0` represents a wall that you cannot pass through.
- `1` represents an empty cell that you can freely move to and from.
- All other positive integers represent the price of an item in that cell. You may also freely move to and from these item cells.

It takes `1` step to travel between adjacent grid cells.

You are also given integer arrays `pricing` and `start` where `pricing = [low, high]` and `start = [row, col]` indicates that you start at the position `(row, col)` and are interested only in items with a price in the range of `[low, high]` (**inclusive**). You are further given an integer `k`.

You are interested in the **positions** of the `k` **highest-ranked** items whose prices are **within** the given price range. The rank is determined by the **first** of these criteria that is different:

1. Distance, defined as the length of the shortest path from the `start` (**shorter** distance has a higher rank).
2. Price (**lower** price has a higher rank, but it must be **in the price range**).
3. The row number (**smaller** row number has a higher rank).
4. The column number (**smaller** column number has a higher rank).

Return the `k` highest-ranked items within the price range **sorted** by their rank (highest to lowest). If there are fewer than `k` reachable items within the price range, return **all** of them.