Alice and Bob are opponents in an archery competition. The competition has set the following rules:

1. Alice first shoots `numArrows` arrows and then Bob shoots `numArrows` arrows.
2. The points are then calculated as follows:
  1. The target has integer scoring sections ranging from `0` to `11` **inclusive**.
  2. For **each** section of the target with score `k` (in between `0` to `11`), say Alice and Bob have shot <code>a<sub>k</sub></code> and <code>b<sub>k</sub></code> arrows on that section respectively. If <code>a<sub>k</sub> >= b<sub>k</sub></code>, then Alice takes `k` points. If <code>a<sub>k</sub> < b<sub>k</sub></code>, then Bob takes `k` points.
  3. However, if <code>a<sub>k</sub> == b<sub>k</sub> == 0</code>, then nobody takes `k` points.

- For example, if Alice and Bob both shot `2` arrows on the section with score `11`, then Alice takes `11` points. On the other hand, if Alice shot `0` arrows on the section with score `11` and Bob shot `2` arrows on that same section, then Bob takes `11` points.

You are given the integer `numArrows` and an integer array `aliceArrows` of size `12`, which represents the number of arrows Alice shot on each scoring section from `0` to `11`. Now, Bob wants to **maximize** the total number of points he can obtain.

Return the array `bobArrows` which represents the number of arrows Bob shot on each scoring section from `0` to `11`. The sum of the values in `bobArrows` should equal `numArrows`.

If there are multiple ways for Bob to earn the maximum total points, return **any** one of them.