You have a video sharing platform where users can upload and delete videos. Each `video` is a **string** of digits, where the `i`th digit of the string represents the content of the video at minute `i`. For example, the first digit represents the content at minute `0` in the video, the second digit represents the content at minute `1` in the video, and so on. Viewers of videos can also like and dislike videos. Internally, the platform keeps track of the **number of views**, **likes**, and **dislikes** on each video.

When a video is uploaded, it is associated with the smallest available integer `videoId` starting from `0`. Once a video is deleted, the `videoId` associated with that video can be reused for another video.

Implement the `VideoSharingPlatform` class:

- `VideoSharingPlatform()` Initializes the object.
- `int upload(String video)` The user uploads a `video`. Return the `videoId` associated with the video.
- `void remove(int videoId)` If there is a video associated with `videoId`, remove the video.
- `String watch(int videoId, int startMinute, int endMinute)` If there is a video associated with `videoId`, increase the number of views on the video by `1` and return the substring of the video string starting at `startMinute` and ending at `min(endMinute, video.length - 1)` (**inclusive**). Otherwise, return `"-1"`.
- `void like(int videoId)` Increases the number of likes on the video associated with `videoId` by `1` if there is a video associated with `videoId`.
- `void dislike(int videoId)` Increases the number of dislikes on the video associated with `videoId` by `1` if there is a video associated with `videoId`.
- `int[] getLikesAndDislikes(int videoId)` Return a **0-indexed** integer array values of length `2` where `values[0]` is the number of likes and `values[1]` is the number of dislikes on the video associated with `videoId`. If there is no video associated with `videoId`, return `[-1]`.
- `int getViews(int videoId)` Return the number of views on the video associated with `videoId`, if there is no video associated with `videoId`, return `-1`.