There is an undirected tree with `n` nodes labeled from `0` to `n - 1`, rooted at node `0`. You are given a 2D integer array `edges` of length `n - 1` where <code>edges[i] = [a<sub>i</sub>, b<sub>i</sub>]</code> indicates that there is an edge between nodes <code>a<sub>i</sub></code> and <code>b<sub>i</sub></code> in the tree.

At every node `i`, there is a gate. You are also given an array of even integers `amount`, where `amount[i]` represents:

- the price needed to open the gate at node `i`, if `amount[i]` is negative, or,
- the cash reward obtained on opening the gate at node `i`, otherwise.

The game goes on as follows:

- Initially, Alice is at node `0` and Bob is at node `bob`.
- At every second, Alice and Bob **each** move to an adjacent node. Alice moves towards some **leaf node**, while Bob moves towards node `0`.
- For **every** node along their path, Alice and Bob either spend money to open the gate at that node, or accept the reward. Note that:
  + If the gate is **already open**, no price will be required, nor will there be any cash reward.
  + If Alice and Bob reach the node **simultaneously**, they share the price/reward for opening the gate there. In other words, if the price to open the gate is `c`, then both Alice and Bob pay `c / 2` each. Similarly, if the reward at the gate is `c`, both of them receive `c / 2` each.
- If Alice reaches a leaf node, she stops moving. Similarly, if Bob reaches node `0`, he stops moving. Note that these events are **independent** of each other.

Return the **maximum** net income Alice can have if she travels towards the optimal leaf node.