There are some robots and factories on the X-axis. You are given an integer array robot where `robot[i]` is the position of the `i`th robot. You are also given a 2D integer array factory where <code>factory[j] = [position<sub>j</sub>, limit<sub>j</sub>]</code> indicates that <code>position<sub>j</sub></code> is the position of the `j`th factory and that the `j`th factory can repair at most <code>limit<sub>j</sub></code> robots.

The positions of each robot are **unique**. The positions of each factory are also **unique**. Note that a robot can be **in the same position** as a factory initially.

All the robots are initially broken; they keep moving in one direction. The direction could be the negative or the positive direction of the X-axis. When a robot reaches a factory that did not reach its limit, the factory repairs the robot, and it stops moving.

**At any moment**, you can set the initial direction of moving for **some** robot. Your target is to minimize the total distance traveled by all the robots.

Return the minimum total distance traveled by all the robots. The test cases are generated such that all the robots can be repaired.

**Note that**

- All robots move at the same speed.
- If two robots move in the same direction, they will never collide.
- If two robots move in opposite directions and they meet at some point, they do not collide. They cross each other.
- If a robot passes by a factory that reached its limits, it crosses it as if it does not exist.
- If the robot moved from a position `x` to a position `y`, the distance it moved is `|y - x|`.