Your task is to design the basic function of Excel and implement the function of sum formula. Specifically, you need to implement the following functions:

- `Excel(int H, char W)`: This is the constructor. The inputs represents the height and width of the Excel form. `H` is a positive integer, range from `1` to `26`. It represents the height. `W` is a character range from `'A'` to `'Z'`. It represents that the width is the number of characters from `'A'` to `W`. The Excel form content is represented by a height * width 2D integer array `C`, it should be initialized to zero. You should assume that the first row of `C` starts from `1`, and the first column of `C` starts from `'A'`.
- `void Set(int row, char column, int val):` Change the value at `C(row, column)` to be val.
- `int Get(int row, char column)`: Return the value at `C(row, column)`.
- `int Sum(int row, char column, List of Strings : numbers)`: This function calculate and set the value at `C(row, column)`, where the value should be the sum of cells represented by numbers. This function return the sum result at `C(row, column)`. This sum formula should exist until this cell is overlapped by another value or another sum formula.
- `numbers` is a list of strings that each string represent a cell or a range of cells. If the string represent a single cell, then it has the following format: `ColRow`. For example, `"F7"` represents the cell at `(7, F)`.

If the string represent a range of cells, then it has the following format: `ColRow1:ColRow2`. The range will always be a rectangle, and `ColRow1` represent the position of the top-left cell, and `ColRow2` represents the position of the bottom-right cell.