Design a search autocomplete system for a search engine. Users may input a sentence (at least one word and end with a special character `'#'`). For **each character** they type **except '#'**, you need to return the **top 3** historical hot sentences that have prefix the same as the part of sentence already typed. Here are the specific rules:

1. The hot degree for a sentence is defined as the number of times a user typed the exactly same sentence before.
2. The returned top 3 hot sentences should be sorted by hot degree (The first is the hottest one). If several sentences have the same degree of hot, you need to use ASCII-code order (smaller one appears first).
3. If less than 3 hot sentences exist, then just return as many as you can.
4. When the input is a special character, it means the sentence ends, and in this case, you need to return an empty list.

Your job is to implement the following functions:

The constructor function:

- `AutocompleteSystem(String[] sentences, int[] times)`: This is the constructor. The input is **historical data**. `Sentences` is a string array consists of previously typed sentences. `Times` is the corresponding times a sentence has been typed. Your system should record these historical data.

Now, the user wants to input a new sentence. The following function will provide the next character the user types:

`List<String> input(char c)`: The input `c` is the next character typed by the user. The character will only be lower-case letters (`'a'` to `'z'`), blank space (`' '`) or a special character (`'#'`). Also, the previously typed sentence should be recorded in your system. The output will be the **top 3** historical hot sentences that have prefix the same as the part of sentence already typed.