import ChipDivider from '@site/src/components/ChipDivider';

```python
class Solution:
    def hasCycle(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> bool:
        slow = head
        fast = head
        
        while fast and fast.next:
            slow = slow.next
            fast = fast.next.next
            
            if slow == fast:
                return True
            
        return False
```

**Time:** $O(n)$. The worst-case scenario is if there *is* a cycle and the `slow` pointer enters the cycle right after the `fast` pointer has passed the starting point of the cycle, meaning the `fast` pointer must travel the entire distance of the cycle again before catching the `slow` pointer. Regardless, the time cost is $O(n)$.

**Space:** $O(1)$. Additional memory is not consumed as the input scales.

:::warning Placement of equality test

The placement of the

```python
if slow == fast:
    return True
```

block in the solution above is important: if we did it *before* moving the pointers, then we would trivially return `True` every time by virtue of the fact that `slow == fast == head` at the outset.

:::

<ChipDivider>Extended discussion</ChipDivider> 

<details open>
<summary> TLDR of Floyd's cycle-detection algorithm</summary>

Intuitively, we need to think about how `slow` and `fast` can relate to each other within the cycle (if one exists). If they meet at the beginning of the cycle (`pos` in the problem description), then great! We're done. If not, we need to consider how `fast` can catch up to `slow`. It clearly will, but the question is whether or not it might somehow *skip* it. It won't. The illustration below, where `x` denotes where `fast` (`f`) and `slow` (`s`) will meet, explains why (assume `fast` is close to `slow` now, either `1` node back or `2`):

```
# `fast` is 1 node behind `slow` (a single iteration is needed for `fast` to catch `slow`)
## start:

f s x
_ _ _ _ _ _

## after iteration 1:

    f
    s
    x
_ _ _ _ _ _




# `fast` is 2 nodes behind `slow` (two iterations are needed for `fast` to catch `slow`)

## start:

f   s   x
_ _ _ _ _ _

## after iteration 1:

    f s x
_ _ _ _ _ _

## after iteration 2:

        f
        s
        x
_ _ _ _ _ _
```

</details>

The solution above takes advantage of [Floyd's cycle-detection algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_detection#Floyd's_tortoise_and_hare), which is quite overcomplicated on the Wikipedia link. The main outcome of the algorithm is that the `slow` and `fast` pointers above *must* be equal at some point if there is a cycle. But how do we know this to be true? Would it be possible for the `fast` pointer to "jump" the `slow` pointer in some way? How do we *know* they'll actually meet if there's a cycle?

The easiest way to answer this question is to break down all of the possibilities once `slow` and `fast` are both within the cycle; that is, `fast` will obviously be well ahead of `slow` *until* `slow` actually enters the cycle, at which point `slow` and `fast` will either be at the same node or `fast` will be behind `slow`. We have the following possibilities:

- **Case 1:** `fast` and `slow` meet exactly when `slow` enters the cycle (i.e., at the beginning of the cycle)
- **Case 2:** `fast` is exactly one node *behind* `slow`, and the two nodes will meet on the very next iteration since `slow` will move forward one node and `fast` will move forward two nodes
- **Case 3:** `fast` is exactly two nodes *behind* `slow`, and the nodes will meet after two more iterations since `slow` will have moved two more nodes and `fast` will have moved four more nodes
- **Case 4:** `fast` is more than two nodes *behind* `slow`, which means `fast` will eventually catch up to `slow` in such a way that this case resolves into either case 2 or case 3, which means the nodes will still meet

The important takeaway above is that `fast` will *never* jump `slow`. The two nodes must meet if there is a cycle.

<ChipDivider>Hash set solution</ChipDivider> 

It's worth mentioning that we can also implement a solution that uses a hash set:

```python
class Solution:
    def hasCycle(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> bool:
        seen = set()
        while head:
            if head in seen:
                return True
            seen.add(head)
            head = head.next
        return False
```

But this is less efficient than the original solution since it uses $O(n)$ space instead of $O(1)$.