import ChipDivider from '@site/src/components/ChipDivider';

```python
class Solution:
    def deleteDuplicates(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        curr = head
        while curr and curr.next:
            if curr.val == curr.next.val:
                curr.next = curr.next.next
            else:
                curr = curr.next
                
        return head
```

**Time:** $O(n)$. The entire input list is processed in a linear fashion.

**Space:** $O(1)$. The memory consumed does not increase as the input scales.

<ChipDivider>Extended discussion</ChipDivider> 

The solution above is probably less obvious than it should seem at first glance, but it cleverly avoids the need to use two pointers (slow and fast) because of how `curr` is manipulated. Three observations worth making:

- It only makes sense to test for duplicates if we have at least two nodes for comparison. Hence, we only look to make modificates while `curr` and `curr.next` both exist.
- If we have `node1 -> node2 -> ...`, then how can we effectively "delete" `node2` from this list? We do so in the following standard way (i.e., using its previous node, `node1`, to skip it): `node1.next = node1.next.next`. Such an assignment means `node2` is "skipped" from `node1` and effectively removed from the chain. In the context of this problem, if `curr.val == curr.next.val`, then we want to remove `curr.next` from the list, and we do so in the standard way: `curr.next = curr.next.next`.
- If `curr` and the next node have different values, then we simply advance `curr` in the standard way: `curr = curr.next`. Note how `curr` is only ever advanced/reassigned when we encounter *different* values. Since the list is already sorted, this ensures the resultant list only contains distinct values, as desired.

The solution above is elegant, straightforward, and uncomplicated; however, if we *wanted* to use two pointers, then how would we do so? We could use `lag` and `lead` as slow and fast pointers, respectively. The idea is that `lag` always points to the first non-duplicate value we find, and it "lags" behind `lead` until `lead` discovers a value for which `lead.val != lag.val`, whereby `lag.next` now points to this new non-duplicate node/value, and we update `lag` to point to where `lead` was when this non-duplicated value was discovered. 

The main potential "gotcha" with this approach occurs at the end of the list. If there are duplicates at the end of the list, then `lag` points at the first duplicate value and `lead` never discovers a non-duplicate value. Thus, if we don't manually make the assignment `lag.next = None` after `lead` has iterated through the entire list, then we run the risk of accidentally including all duplicated values at the end of the list.

Here's the working solution for this two pointer approach:

```python
class Solution:
    def deleteDuplicates(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        if not head:
            return None
        
        lead = head
        lag = head
        
        while lead:
            lead = lead.next
            if lead and lead.val != lag.val:
                lag.next = lead
                lag = lead
                
        lag.next = None
                
        return head
```

The primary difference between the solutions is *how* the duplicate nodes are being deleted. In the first approach, duplicate nodes are being deleted *as they are encountered*. A duplicate node is deleted as soon as it's encountered: `curr.next = curr.next.next`. In the second approach, *all* duplicate nodes are deleted as soon as a non-duplicate value is found: `lag.next = lead`.