import ChipDivider from '@site/src/components/ChipDivider';

```python
def get_middle(head):
    slow = head
    fast = head
    
    while fast and fast.next:
        slow = slow.next
        fast = fast.next.next
        
    return slow.val
```

**Time:** $O(n)$. We linearly process the entire linked list.

**Space:** $O(1)$. Additional memory used does not scale with input.

<ChipDivider>Extended discussion</ChipDivider> 

The main problem here is not knowing the length of the linked list ahead of time. We could push the node values into an array and then find the middle node value that way, but that would be cheating and would never pass in an interview. We could also iterate through the entire linked list, note the full length, iterate through half the full length, and then report the value of the middle node. But that also seems potentially inefficient. 

The solution above takes advantage of the fact that the slow node will have traveled half the distance of the fast node once the `while` loop terminates (meaning the `slow` node will be in the *middle* of the list, as desired). We have to be more careful if the number of nodes can be odd *or even*, but this problem stipulates we have an odd number of nodes.

It's easier to see with a visualization like the following (`x` is the desired node while `s` and `f` denote the slow and fast pointers, respectively):

```a title="Start"
  x
12345
s
f
```

```a title="After first iteration"
  x
12345
 s
  f
```

```a title="After second iteration"
  x
12345
  s
    f
```

Note that now `fast` is not null, but `fast.next` is null, meaning the `while` loop will not execute, and `s` points to the middle node, `x`, as desired.