```python
class MyQueue:
    def __init__(self):
        self.enqueued = []
        self.dequeue = []
        self.front = None

    def push(self, x: int) -> None:
        if not self.enqueued:
            self.front = x
        self.enqueued.append(x)

    def pop(self) -> int:
        if not self.dequeue:
            while self.enqueued:
                self.dequeue.append(self.enqueued.pop())

        if self.dequeue:
            return self.dequeue.pop()
            
    def peek(self) -> int:
        if not self.dequeue:
            return self.front
        else:
            return self.dequeue[-1]
        
    def empty(self) -> bool:
        return len(self.enqueued) == 0 and len(self.dequeue) == 0
```

The main insight for solving this problem performantly is realizing that, since stacks are LIFO (last in first out), this means elements popped from the stack appear *in reverse order* compared to how they were entered. For example, suppose the values `1`, `2`, and `3` are pushed to a stack. Then popping them off one at a time yields `3`, `2`, and `1`, in that order. 

Hence, to start, we just keep pushing elements to a stack, `self.enqueued`. These are the elements that have been enqueued so far. As soon as we need to pop an element from the queue, this means we need to access and remove the element at the bottom of the `self.enqueued` stack. To do this, we use another stack, `self.dequeue`, to collect the values from `self.enqueued` in *reverse order*. The element to be popped from the queue is now at the top of the `self.dequeue` stack.

This strategy works beyond just a way "to start". Since all of the elements in `self.dequeue` are the elements originally in `self.enqueued` but reversed, this means we can pop an element from `self.dequeue` whenever we're asked to pop an element from the queue. So long as `self.dequeue` isn't empty! If, however, `self.dequeue`, *is empty*, then we'll need to again pop all the elements from `self.enqueued` so that `self.dequeue` will contain the elements in proper FIFO order.

The process outlined above for maintaining these stacks is the core of this question, but being able to effectively "peek" from the queue is also a problem worth mentioning. If `self.dequeue` is *not* empty, then peeking should simply be the element we would otherwise pop from the queue, which is the element at the top of the `self.dequeue` stack (we're using the "stack peek" operation in this case): `self.dequeue[-1]`. But what if `self.dequeue` is actually empty and we've just been pushing elements to the `self.enqueued` stack? The element we want is at `self.enqueued[0]`, but accessing the element in this way is not a valid stack operation -- the element is at the bottom of the stack! The idea is to use another class variable, `self.front`, to keep track of whatever value is at the bottom of `self.enqueued` (i.e., bottom of this stack or front of the queue). We keep track of this by reassigning `self.front` whenever we're about to push an element to `self.enqueued` but `self.enqueued` is empty. This is how we can keep pushing elements to `self.enqueued` without losing the reference to the element at the front/bottom. Then, once we're asked to perform a "queue peek" operation, we can either return the element at the top of the `self.dequeue` stack if it's not empty or `self.front` if `self.dequeue` is empty.