<details>
<summary> Approach 1 (frequency array and smallest remaining character helper function)</summary>

```python
class Solution:
    def robotWithString(self, s: str) -> str:
        def smallest_remaining_char(freqs_arr):
            for i in range(len(freqs_arr)):
                if freqs_arr[i] != 0:
                    return chr(a_ORD + i)
            return 'z'
        
        a_ORD = 97 # ord('a') = 97, the ordinal value of 'a'
        freqs = [0] * 26
        for char in s:
            freqs[ord(char) - a_ORD] += 1
        
        t = []
        p = []
        for char in s:
            t.append(char)
            freqs[ord(t[-1]) - a_ORD] -= 1
            while t and t[-1] <= smallest_remaining_char(freqs):
                p.append(t.pop())
                
        return "".join(p)
```

The variable `t` should almost certainly be a stack that holds a "history" of the characters in `s` as we iterate through them. It doesn't take long to realize that the main challenge here is figuring out *when* to push a character onto the output string, `p`, which is a list of accumulated characters that is strategically assembled to satisfy the "lexicographically smallest" demand. The primary idea in this problem is to only pop characters from the stack `t` when we're guaranteed that doing so enables us to proceed in assembling the lexicographically smallest string.

When, then, should we pop a character from `t`? *Only when there are no remaining characters that are lexicographically smaller* than the character on top of the stack `t`. This means we need some kind of *lookup*. A lookup for what? The smallest character remaining from wherever we are in our process of iterating through all characters of `s`. To do this effectively, we need to keep a frequency count (the smallest character remaining at one point could get removed and there could subsequently be more of the same characters to take its place), which is most often done using a hash map. We could do that here, but using a *frequency array* is arguably cleaner since the characters we care about are `'a'` through `'z'`, meaning our frequency array only needs to have 26 slots.

We assemble the frequency array as our first pass in our solution. The `smallest_remaining_char` function will always give us the current smallest remaining character from wherever we are when processing the string `s` (it's helpful to know that `'a'`'s ordinal value is `97`, which we can helpfully use to maintain our frequency array).

Now, each time we process a character from `s`, we push it to the stack `t`, and decrement its count from the frequency array, `freqs`. All that really remains is to proceed as alluded to above, namely pop elements from `t` into `p` that are smaller or equal to the smallest element remaining in `s`.

</details>

<details>
<summary> Approach 2 (minimum remaining character lookup array, no frequency count)</summary>

```python
class Solution:
    def robotWithString(self, s: str) -> int:
        n = len(s)
        t = []
        p = []
        min_char = [s[-1]] * n
        for i in range(n - 2, -1, -1):
            min_char[i] = min(s[i], min_char[i + 1])
            
        idx = 1
        for char in s:
            t.append(char)
            while idx < n and t and t[-1] <= min_char[idx]:
                p.append(t.pop())
            idx += 1
        
        while t:
            p.append(t.pop())
        
        return "".join(p)
```

The solution in Approach 1 was $O(26n) = O(n)$ whereas the solution above is $O(n)$. The constant factor is much smaller even though both solutions belong to the same efficiency class. Regardless, the solution above still uses the main idea from Approach 1, namely we only ever pop characters from `t` when they're (lexicographically) smaller or equal to the characters remaining in `s`. The difference in this approach compared to that in Approach 1 is that we do not use a frequency count; instead, we precompute what the remaining minimum character will be from any character index in `s`:

```python
min_char = [s[-1]] * n
for i in range(n - 2, -1, -1):
    min_char[i] = min(s[i], min_char[i + 1])
```

This is easiest to understand by means of an example. Suppose we had `s = 'laptop'`. Then `min_char`, after running the code above, would yield `['a', 'a', 'o', 'o', 'o', 'p']`; that is, at index `i = 0`, the lexicographically smallest remaining character is `'a'`. At position `i = 1`, the lexicographically smallest remaining character is also `'a'`. At index `i = 2`, the lexicographically smallest remaining character is `'o'`. And so forth. This allows us to effectively use the `min_char` array to determine when elements should be popped from `t` and placed in `p`.

</details>