```python
class Solution(object):
    def validateStackSequences(self, pushed, popped):
        pop_p = 0
        ref = []
        for num in pushed:
            ref.append(num)
            while ref and pop_p < len(popped) and ref[-1] == popped[pop_p]:
                ref.pop()
                pop_p += 1

        return pop_p == len(popped)
```

The key idea here is somewhat difficult to intuit at first. Basically, we're trying to see if the values in `pushed` have been pushed (with unspecified pops along the way) in such a way that the pops *specified* in `popped` is actually possible; that is, it's almost as if we're *starting* with an *empty stack*, and then we proceed to *push* values into the stack in the order in which they appear in `pushed`, and along the way, we intermittently *pop* values from the stack, where the order in which values are popped is preserved in `popped`.

Hence, one possible strategy is to keep a reference or history of values pushed so far. The LIFO nature of keeping a history naturally suggests a stack. We'll call it `ref`. Then we can basically iterate through all values in `pushed`, adding them to the `ref` stack until the element at the top of the `ref` stack equals the first element in `popped`. This means we should pop the value from `ref`, and it also means we need to move to the second or next value in `popped`. This way of keeping a reference to values in `popped` suggests usage of a pointer, `pop_p` in the solution code above. 

We should keep popping elements from `ref` so long as they match the ones in `popped`. We only move on to the next value in `pushed` once this has been done. Our endpoint will naturally be when `ref` is exhausted and `pop_p == len(popped)` (this means the sequence specified is possible). If `pop_p != len(popped)`, then this means not all values in `popped` were accounted for and thus the specification is not possible.

**Note:** The condition `pop_p < len(popped)` in the while loop is not strictly necessary since we're guaranteed that `pushed` is a permutation of `popped` and hence the same length. The condition `pop_p < len(popped)` is only ever violated once `ref` is empty and hence redundant; if, however, `pushed` were not necessarily a permutation of `popped`, then `pop_p < len(popped)` would be necessary (e.g., `pushed = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7]`, `popped = [5,6]`). Nonetheless, it's best for the sake of clarity to leave this condition in (gains are minimal when excluding the condition).