import LC from '@site/src/components/LC';

```python
class Solution:
    def minSpeedOnTime(self, dist: List[int], hour: float) -> int:
        if len(dist) > -(hour // -1):
            return -1
        
        def possible(speed):
            hours_spent = 0
            for i in range(len(dist) - 1):
                distance = dist[i]
                hours_spent += -(distance // -speed)
                if hours_spent > hour:
                    return False
                
            hours_spent += dist[-1] / speed
            return hours_spent <= hour
        
        left = 1
        right = 10 ** 7
        
        while left < right:
            mid = left + (right - left) // 2
            if possible(mid):
                right = mid
            else:
                left = mid + 1
                
        return left
```

This one is a bit wonky to reason about at first. In part because of how the time elapsed is evaluated. It's similar to <LC id='875' type='long' ></LC> in that we always take the ceiling of time evaluations, but here the time spent on the *last* train is *not* rounded up (we rounded up the time spent on *all* piles for the Koko eating bananas problem).

When will it be impossible to reach the office on time? It's not when `len(dist) > hour`, as LeetCode's second example with input `dist = [1,3,2], hour = 2.7` shows. However, it *will* be impossible if `len(dist) > ceil(hour)`. The third example, with input `dist = [1,3,2], hour = 1.9` illustrates this, where the earliest the third train cen depart is at the 2 hour mark.

The idea is to conduct a binary search on the range of speeds `[min_speed_possible, max_speed_possible]` for which we'll be able to make the trip on time (i.e., where the total number of hours spent is less than or equal to `hour`), where we want to minimize the speed required to make the trip on time. If we can make the trip on time for a given `speed`, then we can definitely make the trip on time if we *increase* the speed to `speed + 1`. We want to determine when making it on time is possible for `speed` but impossible for any valid speed value less than this. Binary search it is!

What's the minimum possible speed? We're told the speed reported must be a positive integer so we set `left = 1`. What about the maximum possible speed? We're told that the answer will not exceed `10 ** 7`; hence, we set `right = 10 ** 7`.