import LC from '@site/src/components/LC';

```python
class Solution:
    def splitArray(self, nums: List[int], k: int) -> int:
        def possible(max_sum):
            num_subarrays = 0
            subarray_sum = 0
            idx = 0
            
            while idx < len(nums):
                if nums[idx] > max_sum:
                    return False
                
                subarray_sum += nums[idx]
                if subarray_sum > max_sum:
                    subarray_sum = nums[idx]
                    num_subarrays += 1
                    if num_subarrays > k:
                        return False
                
                idx += 1
                
            return (num_subarrays + 1) <= k
                
        left = 0
        right = sum(nums)
        
        while left < right:
            mid = left + (right - left) // 2
            if possible(mid):
                right = mid
            else:
                left = mid + 1
                
        return left
```

This problem is excellent and somewhat similar to <LC id='1231' type='long' ></LC> in nature. The tip off that the problem may involve binary searching on a solution space is given by the fact if a subarray sum `subarray_sum` works as a solution to the problem then *increasing* the value of `subarray_sum` will certainly work as well. Our goal is to find a subarray sum that, when decreased at all, results in *not* being able to fulfill the requirements of the problem. All of this implies we should be able to conduct a binary search on the solution space of minimum subarray sum values.

What would the smallest possible subarray sum value be? Since values of `0` are allowed in `nums`, we should set `left = 0`. What about the largest possible subarray sum value? No subarray can have a larger sum than the entire array; hence, we set `right = sum(nums)`.

The harder part for this problem is designing the `possible` function effectively. The intuition is that we construct the `k` subarray sums in a greedy fashion, where we keep adding to one of the `k` subarrays *until* the given `max_sum` has been exceeded, at which point we move on to constructing the next subarray sum. If the number of subarrays we must use to accomplish this *ever* exceeds `k`, then we issue an early return of `false`. If, however, we process all values and the total number of subarrays used is less than or equal to `k`, then we return `true` because `k` will always be less than or equal to `nums.length` per the constraint `1 <= k <= min(50, nums.length)`; that is, if somehow we've processed all values in `nums` and have never exceeded `max_sum` for a subarray sum and the number of subarrays used is much smaller than `k`, then we can simply distribute the values in the subarrays to fill up the remaining empty subarrays until the total number of subarrays equals `k` (the sum of the subarrays from which values are borrowed can only decrease due to the constraint `0 <= nums[i] <= 10^6`).