```python
class Solution:
    def maxOperations(self, s: str) -> int:
        res = ones = 0
        for i in range(len(s)):
            char = s[i]
            if char == '1':
                ones += 1
            elif i and s[i - 1] == '1':
                res += ones
        return res
```

This problem really seems like a major implementation challenge at first. It's clear *what* we need to do: we need to always move each `1` from as far left as possible to the right before encountering another `1` or the end of the string so as to force ourselves to use as many operations as possible (i.e., we *greedily* choose to effectively sandbag the completion time of moving all `1`s to the end of the string).

But *how* do we count all of the operations needed? We probably do not need to *actually* move all the `1`s and `0`s around and consume additional space unless absolutely necesaary. The following key insight, highlighted in [this solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-operations-to-move-ones-to-the-end/solutions/5508955/count-ones), helps a great deal:

> We go from left to right and count `ones`. If we encounter `0` after `1`, then we need to move `ones` from the left. So, we add `ones` to the result.

The idea is that, whenever we encounter a `0` with `1` as an immediate predecessor, the maximum number of operations we can get at that point is by moving *all* previously encountered `1`s past the current `0`, which is why we add `ones` to the result whenever we encounter a `0` with a `1` preceding it. The condition `elif i and s[i - 1] == '1':` simply ensures `s[i - 1]` doesn't resolve to `s[-1]`, where we end up looking at the last character of the string.

Why does `1` have to be an immediate predecessor of `0` before we add `ones` to `res`? The rationale is that a *block* of contiguous `0` values should be treated essentially the same as a single `0` value; that is, a block of zeros will not contribute anything more to the overall operation count than a single `0`. Any solution should take this into account. For example, consider the following solution (based on [this solution](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-operations-to-move-ones-to-the-end/solutions/5509454/beats-100-explained-with-video-c-java-python-js-single-pass-explained-in-detail)):

```python
class Solution:
    def maxOperations(self, s: str) -> int:
        res = ones = 0
        zero_prev = False

        for char in s:
            if char == '0':
                zero_prev = True
            else:
                if zero_prev:
                    res += ones
                ones += 1
                zero_prev = False

        if zero_prev:
            res += ones

        return res
```

If we encounter a block of `0` values that is `Z` characters long, then `zero_prev` is assigned the value of `True` a total number of `Z` consecutive times. The solution above is probably easier to *first* understand, but the solution at the top is arguably the way to go in terms of overall simplicity once the crux of the problem is understand: *If we encounter `0` after `1`, then we need to move `ones` from the left.*