```python
class Solution:
    def predictPartyVictory(self, senate: str) -> str:
        n = len(senate)
        r_sen = deque()
        d_sen = deque()
        
        for i in range(len(senate)):
            if senate[i] == 'R':
                r_sen.append(i)
            else:
                d_sen.append(i)
        
        while r_sen and d_sen:
            banning, banned = min(r_sen[0], d_sen[0]), max(r_sen[0], d_sen[0])
            if r_sen[0] == banning:
                r_sen.append(r_sen.popleft() + n)
                d_sen.popleft()
            else:
                d_sen.append(d_sen.popleft() + n)
                r_sen.popleft()
        
        return 'Radiant' if len(r_sen) > 0 else 'Dire'
```

This is quite the difficult problem, one where using queues is not at all obvious at first. The solution above (not due to me) is quite brilliant. The core idea, which will be reinforced/illustrated by means of an example in just a moment, is to create *two* queues, one for each set of senators. Why? 

We can safely assume that senators will always act in a greedy way (i.e., they will always ban the senator of the opposing party if there is one). How do we know how to keep track of the senators and their banning decisions? Without queues, that becomes a more difficult question to answer. *With queues*, however, this becomes a much more straightforward question: we do a first pass of `senate` and assemble *queues of indexes* for both parties, the Radiant senators, `r_sen`, and the Dire senators `d_sen`. 

While both queues are non-empty, we compare their leftmost entries. Indexes naturally correspond to positions for the senators (i.e., the smaller index comes first); hence, the senator with the smaller index of the two will be the senator who does the banning while the senator with the larger of the indexes gets banned. The banned senator can simply be popped from the queue (popped from the left), but the senator who does the banning will have to wait for the next round (given the problem's circular nature). A clever solution to ensure the senator who does the banning is actually involved in the next round is to pop the banning senator from the queue (pop left), and then to push that same senator to the back of the same queue but this time with a larger index to indicate this senator comes later. The easiest way to adroitly perform this index manipulation is just by adding `n` to the index that already exists, where `n` is the size of the original `senate` string.

Whichever queue ends up being non-empty is the victorious senate party.

**Note:** As can be seen in the solution above, we don't actually *need* to declare the `banned` variable. We can remove it without issue since it is not used (it was only included to illustrate the explanation above).