import BibRef from '@site/src/components/BibRef';

```python
class Solution:
    def minCostClimbingStairs(self, cost: List[int]) -> int:
        def dp(step):
            if step in memo:
                return memo[step]
            
            step_cost = min(dp(step - 1) + cost[step - 1], dp(step - 2) + cost[step - 2])
            memo[step] = step_cost
            
            return step_cost
        
        memo = dict()
        memo[0] = memo[1] = 0
        return dp(len(cost)) 
```

---

The solution above may be the simplest, but there are multiple ways of going about this problem. What follows is mostly meant for potential use in the future.

This problem highlights how we can interpret the same problem in two fundamentally different ways and still end up with a correct answer. Specifically, we may interpret the line

> *You can either start from the step with index `0`, or the step with index `1`.*

from the problem stem in two notable ways:

1. **We start *after* step `0`**, and we have to reach step `n` (i.e., we consider the top of the floor to be the step beyond the last step, `n - 1`), where the cost of each step is taken into account once we have departed from that step. In this sense, step `0` and step `1` both cost `0` because we're told we can *start* from the step with index `0` or the step with index `1` &#8212; it costs nothing *to get to that step*, and the cost of that step is only considered once we've left it.
2. **We start *before* step `0`**, and we have to reach the last step, step `n - 1`, where the cost of each step is taken into account once landed on. In this sense, choosing to go to step `0` at the beginning means it costs `cost[0]` to do so; similarly, choosing to go to step `1` instead means it costs `cost[1]` to do so. The goal, then, is to minimize the cost it takes to get to either step `n - 2` or `n - 1` because once we get to either of those steps and that step's cost is taken into account, we can reach the top of the floor, as desired.

Which interpretation we choose to go with ultimately does not matter in terms of the correctness of our result, but the differences will manifest themselves in our implementation(s).

Generally speaking, a DP solution may be implemented top-down with memoization or bottom-up with tabulation. Furthermore, the recurrence used to characterize how subproblems are broken down into smaller and smaller subproblems may be either a *backward* recurrence (i.e., the usual approach where index values *decrease*) or a *forward* recurrence (i.e., more of a *chronological* approach, where index values *increase*).
