<details>
<summary> Approach 1 (no helper function, aggregated total height)</summary>

```python
class Solution:
    def maxDepth(self, root: Optional[TreeNode]) -> int:
        if not root:
            return 0
        
        return 1 + max(self.maxDepth(root.left), self.maxDepth(root.right))
```

Solving the tree problem inductively means looking at the left and right children of `root` as roots of their own subtrees. Looking at the leaves will always be a hint as to how you should handle base cases. What should happen as soon as we hit a leaf? What is the height of a leaf node? The height should be `1` since the height of a leaf node really just includes the leaf node itself since it doesn't have any children. 

The idea is to always add `1` to the height of a result in order to account for the current node &#8212; this includes leaf nodes. A leaf node's left and right non-existent children will both contribute `0` to its height: `1 + max(0, 0)`. That's the idea in this problem.

</details>

<details>
<summary> Approach 2 (dfs helper function with accumulated max height)</summary>

```python
class Solution:
    def maxDepth(self, root: Optional[TreeNode]) -> int:
        def dfs(node, height):
            if not node: 
                return 0
            
            if not node.left and not node.right: 
                return height
            
            return max(dfs(node.left, height + 1), dfs(node.right, height + 1))
        
        return dfs(root, 1)
```

The solution above is very similar to how extra information can be encoded when performing DFS or BFS on a graph; that is, especially when dealing with matrices, we're often storing the location of a cell as a 2-tuple on the stack or queue in the form `(row, col)`, but *sometimes it is quite helpful to store additional information*. Maybe it's height, as in this example. Maybe it's the maximum depth reached so far. The 2-tuple could then become a 3-tuple, 4-tuple, etc. Whatever the case, the core idea is that we encode information along with whatever atomic element is being processed (e.g., cell in a matrix, node in a tree, etc.).

How is this relevant here? Well, our `dfs` function for traversing the tree can accept more than just the node it is going to process &#8212; it can also accept a `height`. Above, `maxHeight` is basically playing the role of the `dfs` function. The following LeetCode solution works and illustrates this idea:

</details>