```python
class Solution:
    def invertTree(self, root: Optional[TreeNode]) -> Optional[TreeNode]:
        if not root:
            return
        
        root.left, root.right = root.right, root.left

        self.invertTree(root.left)
        self.invertTree(root.right)
        
        return root
```

The idea here is to swap the children of the root (of any subtree we're referencing), and then let recursion take care of the subtrees. The *order* could be pre-order (as above) or it could be post-order, but in-order would cause issues because we would be processing a node *between* its children when what we really want to do is process the node before or after its children (so the children can be processed/inverted simultaneously).

We also need to be somewhat mindful of not making the following mistake:

```python
class Solution:
    def invertTree(self, root: Optional[TreeNode]) -> Optional[TreeNode]:
        if not root:
            return
        
        #highlight-error-start
        left = root.left
        right = root.right
        left, right = right, left
        #highlight-error-end
        
        self.invertTree(left)
        self.invertTree(right)
        
        return root
```

The code above does not end up inverting anything at all. Why? The reason is because this is like a linked list problem in terms of reference/pointer manipulation. When we performed the inversion in the first solution, we changed the *references* for what `root.left` and `root.right` were actually pointing to; that is, the multi-assignment `root.left, root.right = root.right, root.left` means that, for any given `root`, the left subtree rooted at `root.left` has been reassigned to be `root.right` (the right subtree rooted at `root.right`); similarly, the right subtree rooted at `root.right` has been reassigned to be `root.left` (the left subtree root at `root.left`).

Hence, the `left` and `right` subtree references for `root` are changed (i.e., inverted) for each recursive call. This is not the case for the "dereferenced" code above, where we're not actually changing the references at all. We swap what `left` and `right` point to in the highlighted code, but we don't actually change the `root` attributes of `root.left` and `root.right`, which is the desired effect in this problem.