```python
class Solution:
    def rangeSumBST(self, root: Optional[TreeNode], low: int, high: int) -> int:
        if not root:
            return 0
        
        ans = 0
        if low <= root.val <= high:
            ans += root.val
        
        if root.val > low:
            ans += self.rangeSumBST(root.left, low, high)

        if root.val < high:
            ans += self.rangeSumBST(root.right, low, high)
            
        return ans
```

We add the current node's value to the final answer in the pre-order stage of the traversal if the value falls in the `[low, high]` interval. How should we strategically visit the other subtrees though? We should make use of the fact that the tree is a BST. If the current node's value is *less* than `low`, then looking at the left subtree would be pointless because *all* of its values are less than the current node (because the tree is a BST); similarly, if the current node's value is *greater* than `high`, then looking at the right subtree would be pointless becall *all* of its values are greater than the current node (because the tree is a BST).

Great, so we know what *not* to do, but what *should* we do? If the current value is greater than `low`, then smaller values than the current value might be able to contribute to the range sum as well; hence, we should explore the left subtree. Similarly, if the current value is less than `high`, then larger values than the current value might be able to contribute to the range sum as well; hence, we should explore the right subtree. This lets us take advantage of the BST properties of the tree while efficiently performing a DFS traversal.

The solution above works in terms of how the answer is accumulate because we're only ever adding non-zero values if the value is in the range `[low, high]` or `0` otherwise. Thus, the final answer returned will be the desired range sum.