import ChipDivider from '@site/src/components/ChipDivider';
import LC from '@site/src/components/LC';

```python
class Solution:
    def reverseList(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        prev = None
        curr = head
        
        while curr:
            next_node = curr.next # ensure we don't lost the connection to the next node when we reverse the direction of the pointer
            curr.next = prev      # reverse the direction of the pointer
            prev = curr           # update `prev` to be `curr` in preparation for the next node to be processed
            curr = next_node      # move forward in the iteration to process the remainder of the list
            
        return prev
```

**Time:** $O(n)$. The entire list is processed in a linear fashion.

**Space:** $O(1)$. Memory consumed does not increase as input scales.

<ChipDivider>Extended discussion</ChipDivider> 

This is a classic linked list "pointer manipulation" problem, and the approach above is the conventionally efficient approach, where `next_node` effectively serves as a temporary variable (so we don't lose the linked list connection when we make the assignment `curr.next = prev`).

One thing worth noting about this conventional approach is how the reversed segment is effectively broken off from the rest of the list if the reversal is started on a node other than the linked list's head. For example, consider the list `1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4 -> 5 -> None`. If we start the reversal at node `3`, then reversing `3 -> 4 -> 5` gives us `5 -> 4 -> 3`, but what happens to the rest of the list? We lose the connection. Hence, starting from the head of the original linked list we have `1 -> 2 -> 3 -> None` while starting from the head of the reversed segment gives us `5 -> 4 -> 3 -> None`.

Python's support for tuple packing/unpacking and multiple assignment means we can simplify the reversal in a pretty dramatic fashion:

```python
class Solution:
    def reverseList(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        prev = None
        curr = head
        
        while curr:
            curr.next, prev, curr = prev, curr, curr.next
            
        return prev
```

Here's a quick breakdown:

1. **Tuple Packing**: The expression on the right side of the assignment, `prev, curr, curr.next`, effectively creates a tuple of these three references/values. This happens before any assignments are made, which means the original values are preserved in the tuple.
2. **Multiple Assignment**: The left-hand side of the assignment has three variables, `curr.next, prev, curr`, awaiting new values. Python will assign the values from the tuple on the right-hand side to these variables in a left-to-right sequence.
3. **Tuple Unpacking**: The assignment unpacks the values stored in the tuple into the variables on the left. This happens simultaneously, so the operations do not interfere with each other. Specifically:
   - `curr.next` is assigned `prev`. This reverses the pointer/link of the current node to point to the previous node, effectively starting the reversal of the linked list.
   - `prev` is assigned `curr`. This moves the `prev` pointer one node forward to the current node, which after the assignment, becomes the new "previous" node.
   - `curr` is assigned `curr.next` (the original `curr.next` before any changes). This moves the `curr` pointer one node forward in the original list, to continue the reversal process on the next iteration.

The one-liner above is slick and may be useful for problems where reversing the linked list (or part of it) is naturally part of the solution (e.g., <LC id='2130' type='long' ></LC>).