```python
class Solution:
    def oddEvenList(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        if not head or not head.next:
            return head
        
        odd = head
        even = odd.next
        even_list_head = even
        
        while even and even.next:
            odd.next = odd.next.next
            even.next = even.next.next
            odd = odd.next
            even = even.next
            
        odd.next = even_list_head
        return head
```

This is a great problem, but it is easy to overthink it and get bogged down in how the "node swapping" will work; in fact, that's the first problem! There is no node swapping! It's easy to fall into the trap of thinking we'll need to swap nodes to make the solution here work. A much more straightforward solution exists (i.e., the one above) if we can step outside the normal way of thinking here: what if we basically just created two lists, the odd list of the odd-index nodes and the even list of the even-index nodes? Then we could attach the even list to the odd list and call it a day.

And the idea above is completely possible. It just takes a little bit of imagination to execute it effectively. Specifically, what we have to be okay with (even though it may not seem okay in the moment) is effectively skipping or "deleting" the even-index nodes while dynamically creating the odd list and the same for the odd-index nodes while dynamically creating the even list. 

Note that the while loop condition above is critical for the solution approach described above to work. We only care to continue building our lists so long as there are nodes that need to be repositioned; that is, we should only continue building our lists while an odd-indexed node appears after an even-indexed node. So long as this is true, we have work to do.