```python
class Solution:
    def diameterOfBinaryTree(self, root: Optional[TreeNode]) -> int:
        diameter = 0
        
        def visit(node):
            if not node:
                return -1
            
            left_height = visit(node.left)
            right_height = visit(node.right)
            
            nonlocal diameter
            diameter = max(diameter, left_height + right_height + 2)
            
            curr_height = 1 + max(left_height, right_height)
            
            return curr_height
        
        visit(root)
        return diameter
```

This problem can be surprisingly difficult depending on how you look at it. Some contemplation results in thinking that the solution has to be related to finding the node whose combination of left and right subtree heights is maximal. Hence, much of the problem really boils down to being able to find the height of a subtree, where recall the height is the distance of the longest path from a node to a leaf. This is different than the depth, which always has the root as a reference point:

- depth of a node: number of edges from the root to that node
- height of a node: number of edges from that node to a leaf
- height of the tree: height of the root

It's informative to first figure out how to calculate the height of a node given that node's value and the root of the tree:

```python
def node_height(root, target):
    target_height = -1
    
    def visit(node):
        if not node:
            return -1
        
        left_height = visit(node.left)
        right_height = visit(node.right)
        
        height = 1 + max(left_height, right_height)
        
        if node.val == target:
            nonlocal target_height
            target_height = height
        
        return height
    
    visit(root)
    return target_height
```

The solution for the diameter problem is then strikingly similar, as the solution at the top shows. The problem description notes that the path determining the diameter may or may not pass through the `root`, where by `root` they're referring to the overall root of the tree. But of course the path determining the diameter must pass through *some* subtree's root. And that's the point. We want to find the combination of heights for left and right subtrees for any given node, add `2` to get the path length (we add `2` because the current node serves as the subtree's root, which is the connecting point for the left and right subtrees &#8212; we must add `2` to account for the edges that connect the left and right subtrees to their root, the current node), and we want to find the combination such that the overall length or edge count is maximal.