```python
class Solution:
    def findTilt(self, root: Optional[TreeNode]) -> int:
        tilt = 0
        
        def visit(node):
            if not node:
                return 0
            
            left_sum = visit(node.left)
            right_sum = visit(node.right)
            
            nonlocal tilt
            tilt += abs(left_sum - right_sum)
            
            return left_sum + right_sum + node.val
        
        visit(root)
        return tilt
```

This can be a rather difficult problem at first given its unusual framing. Once it's clear what you're actually trying to accomplish, it becomes clear that a post-order traversal is really what's needed. We find the tilt from the leaves up, where each node serves as its own subtree's root.

The primary difficulty is arguably identifying what we need to pass back *up* the tree. Just passing `node.val` back up the tree will not let us accomplish the desired effect (we need a cumulative sum for each subtree as we move up from the leaves, not just individual node values). It's like we basically need to sum all nodes of a subtree and send *that* back up while we're going back up the tree. 

The leaves can provide useful hints for these kinds of problems &#8212; if we're at a node that has two children which are both leaves, then how do we effectively capture both of these nodes' values to send back up the tree? We first need to find the tilt that the current node contributes to the overall tilt, and this is *always* done for the current node by subtracting its left subtree sum from its right subtree sum and adding the absolute difference to the overall tilt. Hence, we effectively need to keep track of all the left and right subtree sums and keep passing this information up the tree.